# Module Eight Journal
  For this project, the Chada Tech Clocks, I was tasked with creating a 12-HR clock and a 24-HR clock that would display next each other side by side. Once displayed, then the user can determine how much time should be added to the clock, with the choices of adding one hour, one minute, and one second being available. This program would keep running in a loop until the user decides to exit the program.  
  I felt that I did the display menus very well, as well as also minimizing the main function. Using a fucntion to create a display is a great way to minimize the code in main, however I wish I could have implemented the current machine time into the program rather than just set it to midnight initially. Another change that I could have made were to implement the functions into a class, which could have minimized the main function even more. 
  The most challenging piece of code for this project had to be getting the switch case statemnt to work properly without getting the loop to either constantly run or have the display come out cramped and cluttered. I also noticed only now that my cases are a little cramped since I chose to re-write the whole displayClocks function rather than just call this. This could have been why I had trouble with making sure the format came out correctly.
  One of the skills that were transferable to other projects were things such as function calling and understaning the switch case statement. I tend to find myself using this a lot for user input loops since you can make the case the desired input for when it's either a character or a number made into a character.
  I believe that I made the program readable by minimizing the main function as well as having functions declared and defined. Using comments also makes it more readable to the other programmers so that they can understand the reasoning behind using certain functions or operations in the code. 
